---
layout: post
title:  "the climax"
date:   2016-07-09 20:51:01 +0530
permalink: climax
categories: shorts
---
i'm almost at the end of a cliffhanger and the doorbell chimes. i try to grab just another sentence. it chimes again; this time twice in quick succession. "wait up", i mutter under my breath and make a bolt for the door in order to wind up the business in a jiffy and return to the book.

i open the door with suggestive impatience and find a cousin baring her denture at me. i'm stunned and at a loss of words. i think aloud between clenched lips to what do i owe the pleasure of her company. she misinterprets my expression to be that of pleasant surprise. she barges into the living room brushing me aside. i clutch the doorknob and prevent myself from tottering over.

she drones on. my gaze oscillates between the wall clock and her rapidly vibrating lips while my attention hinges on the last sentence i had read. she jerks me out of the reverie by snapping her fingers right in front of my eyes. i return with a start. 

"fetch me a glass of water please", she requests. 

i drag myself towards the kitchen with leaden steps and pour water into the tumbler like a man who has just been slapped by the queen of england. i return to the living room to find it devoid of the cousin. an inadvertent smile escapes my lips. 

then suddenly, a shrill cry of ecstasy rents the serenity of my abode. i  make a dash in the direction of the source and find the cousin in the study sitting at my desk flipping through the pages of the book i'd been reading. 

"i finished reading it yesterday", she announces pointing at the book and ad-libs without warning, "you know what? jonathan was murdered by alexander rhymes!"